for God so loved the world that He gave
His only begotten Son for God so loved
the world Oh God so loved the world for
God so loved the world that He gave His
only begotten Son God so loved the world
how cuz that helped a lot Island God
loved the world forgot so loved the
world so love the blue
forgot to love the world for God so
loved the world God loved the world the
world for God so loved the world that He
gave His one and only Son had the mother
label to our Heat that he gave His only
begotten Son
he gave His only begotten Son God so
loved the world that He gave His only
begotten Son
there's only begotten son that He gave
His only begotten Son forget some of the
world maybe was one another that He gave
His one and only Son that He gave His
only begotten Son that he gave His only
begotten Son that whosoever would
believe in him whoever believes in Him
shall not perish whoever believed in him
so that parents that whoever believes in
Him will not perish I'm not good not
good
Thank You babies one and only time only
Son for God so loved the world that He
gave His one and only Son that whosoever
that whosoever believeth in him Kulik
make a lie of the clear monument be
never believes in him that whoever
believes in Him will not perish but have
eternal life
a vision well now perish whosoever
believeth in him
whosoever whosoever this or the
believeth in him what is in them to have
that West will help ever that's a month
whoever believes in Him pursuing whoever
believes in Him will not perish but have
everlasting shall not perish look up
know who shall not we shall not their
shoes on that perish but have
everlasting life she's not perish
everlasting life
everyone's can life everlasting life
hiya Abaddon but we'll have everlasting
life everlasting life shall not perish
but have everlasting life
so in that perish but have eternal life
why
you